README.md, before:


## Bryony Watson


[skills](#skills) | [experience](#experience) | [education](#education) | [linkedin](https://uk.linkedin.com/in/bryony-watson)

I have always had a passion for technology, and over the last year have decided to act on it. In my previous role at Egon Zehnder I worked in the tech team, recruiting senior folks such as CEOs and CTOs for all kinds of digital and tech companies. I was inspired by the people we were interviewing and I admired the interesting work they were doing. I started teaching myself to code, and, realising how satisfying and exciting I found it, applied for the software development course at Makers Academy.

Over my last 3 months at Makers Academy, I have expanded my learning in JavaScript, Ruby, Swift, Css, and HTML, and learnt best practices such as TDD.

In my next job, I am looking to expand further my skillset and continue my learning across the full stack and will happily learn new programming languages if the opportunity arises.

&nbsp;
## Skills

#### Curiosity and passion for learning
I have always had a passion for learning and a curiosity that has driven both my academic and professional decisions. I studied Biological Anthropology, as I was curious to learn about humans from a biological perspective: I particularly enjoyed studying cutting-edge research in genetics, primatology and archaeology. On graduating, I decided to work at Egon Zehnder because I wanted to learn about business and get a broad overview of different companies and different roles, particularly in technology. I am excited about the constant learning that comes with being a professional developer.

#### Problem solving
With my background in Biological Anthropology, I've learnt to take a scientific and systematic approach to solving a problem, starting with a hypothesis and testing it out by writing unit tests or intentionally breaking code (and subsequently fixing it). In my final year at Cambridge I wrote a dissertation on Neanderthal humeral morphology. In the last few weeks before the project was due I noticed a problem in my results and identified a bug in the software that I was using. I needed to adapt my statistical analysis to factor this in and this meant I took an important change in direction in the conclusion of my dissertation.

#### Passion for code
I started my coding journey in my teens, when I played around with html, creating free websites for friends' birthdays. I find the process of making something with code satisfying, and I love the idea that coding enables you to build your own ideas. During my time at Makers Academy, I came up with an idea to make a tool for new developers to diagram their understanding of code using the Class, Responsibility and Collaborator model. I worked within a team of 4 to put this idea into action and we built this web page over three days: https://bluprnt.herokuapp.com/


&nbsp;
## Experience

#### Egon Zehnder, London (_Dec ‘14 — Oct ‘16_)
Research Analyst, Technology and Communications (_Dec ‘15 — Oct ‘16_)
<br>
- **world's third largest executive search and talent strategy firm**;
- after 12 months in retail practice, **asked to move into Tech team** to pursue interest in technology;
- C-level recruitment assignments for multiple FTSE 100 clients, smaller start-ups and mid-sized companies in Digital, Media, Technology & Telecomms;
- took **central role in Communications practice**, partnering with practice leader on major global assignments and providing specialist knowledge for researchers globally;
- writing targeted sales pitches to win new assignments;
- telephone networking with sources and candidates to gauge activities and developments within the sector;
- attending client progress discussions and pitches with senior members of the team;
- proactive research work to identify target companies, individuals and relevant information for assignments.

<br>
Research Analyst, Consumer (_Dec ‘14 — Dec ‘15_)
<br>
- first year working on Consumer and Retail assignments for FTSE 100 clients, as well as smaller retail companies



#### Reed Recruitment (_Nov ‘10 — Mar ‘11_)
Recruitment Consultant, Graduates programmes
 <br>

- Gap year job managing outsourced graduate recruitment for major UK companies;
- Telephone interviewing for final stage of Assessment Centres for a major UK pharmaceutical company, International bank, and energy company;
- 2 months running the graduate recruitment for a major UK-based energy company.

&nbsp;
## Education

#### Makers Academy (_Nov ‘16 — Feb ‘17_)
Software Development
<br>
- 12 week software development course
- OOP, TDD, SOLID, MVC, DDD
- Test-driving web applications, with tools such as RSpec and Jasmine
- Ruby, Rails, Javascript, Node.js, Angular.js, Swift


#### University of Cambridge (_Sept ‘11 — July ‘14_)
BA (Hons) in Human Social and Political Science, Biological Anthropology
<br>
- Grade **2.1**
- Final result **67%**. Achieved a 1st in two papers (marks: 74,70,69,69,65,59)
- Choral Scholar at Sidney Sussex College - 3 services a week, international tours and a cd recording every year

Commit message:

added final project link in

README.md, after:


## Bryony Watson


[skills](#skills) | [experience](#experience) | [education](#education) | [linkedin](https://uk.linkedin.com/in/bryony-watson)

I have always had a passion for technology, and over the last year have decided to act on it. In my previous role at Egon Zehnder I worked in the tech team, recruiting senior folks such as CEOs and CTOs for all kinds of digital and tech companies. I was inspired by the people we were interviewing and I admired the interesting work they were doing. I started teaching myself to code, and, realising how satisfying and exciting I found it, applied for the software development course at Makers Academy.

Over my last 3 months at Makers Academy, I have expanded my learning in JavaScript, Ruby, Swift, Css, and HTML, and learnt best practices such as TDD.

In my next job, I am looking to expand further my skillset and continue my learning across the full stack and will happily learn new programming languages if the opportunity arises.

&nbsp;
## Skills

#### Passion for code
I started my coding journey in my teens, when I played around with html, creating free websites for friends' birthdays. I find the process of making something with code satisfying, and I love the idea that coding enables you to build your own ideas. During my time at Makers Academy, I came up with an idea to make a tool for new developers to diagram their understanding of code using the Class, Responsibility and Collaborator model. My team of 4 built this web page over three days: https://bluprnt.herokuapp.com/. For my final project at Makers, myself and another person on the course pitched the idea of an app to help the visually impaired navigate train stations in London using bluetooth beacon technology. We got our idea from a weekend hackathon we had attended organised by a company called Wayfindr, whose goal is to empower the visually impaired to navigate the world independently. We built our app, GuideMe, in 2 weeks in Swift, which was a completely new language to us, and we were really pleased with the final product. Github repo : https://github.com/aabolade/GuideMe and demo video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIF0KgibgrQ

#### Curiosity and passion for learning
I have always had a passion for learning and a curiosity that has driven both my academic and professional decisions. I studied Biological Anthropology, as I was curious to learn about humans from a biological perspective: I particularly enjoyed studying cutting-edge research in genetics, primatology and archaeology. On graduating, I decided to work at Egon Zehnder because I wanted to learn about business and get a broad overview of different companies and different roles, particularly in technology. I am excited about the constant learning that comes with being a professional developer.

#### Problem solving
With my background in Biological Anthropology, I've learnt to take a scientific and systematic approach to solving a problem, starting with a hypothesis and testing it out by writing unit tests or intentionally breaking code (and subsequently fixing it). In my final year at Cambridge I wrote a dissertation on Neanderthal humeral morphology. In the last few weeks before the project was due I noticed a problem in my results and identified a bug in the software that I was using. I needed to adapt my statistical analysis to factor this in and this meant I took an important change in direction in the conclusion of my dissertation.

&nbsp;
## Experience

#### Egon Zehnder, London (_Dec ‘14 — Oct ‘16_)
Research Analyst, Technology and Communications (_Dec ‘15 — Oct ‘16_)
<br>
- **world's third largest executive search and talent strategy firm**;
- after 12 months in retail practice, **asked to move into Tech team** to pursue interest in technology;
- C-level recruitment assignments for multiple FTSE 100 clients, smaller start-ups and mid-sized companies in Digital, Media, Technology & Telecomms;
- took **central role in Communications practice**, partnering with practice leader on major global assignments and providing specialist knowledge for researchers globally;
- writing targeted sales pitches to win new assignments;
- telephone networking with sources and candidates to gauge activities and developments within the sector;
- attending client progress discussions and pitches with senior members of the team;
- proactive research work to identify target companies, individuals and relevant information for assignments.

<br>
Research Analyst, Consumer (_Dec ‘14 — Dec ‘15_)
<br>
- first year working on Consumer and Retail assignments for FTSE 100 clients, as well as smaller retail companies



#### Reed Recruitment (_Nov ‘10 — Mar ‘11_)
Recruitment Consultant, Graduates programmes
 <br>

- Gap year job managing outsourced graduate recruitment for major UK companies;
- Telephone interviewing for final stage of Assessment Centres for a major UK pharmaceutical company, International bank, and energy company;
- 2 months running the graduate recruitment for a major UK-based energy company.

&nbsp;
## Education

#### Makers Academy (_Nov ‘16 — Feb ‘17_)
Software Development
<br>
- 12 week software development course
- OOP, TDD, SOLID, MVC, DDD
- Test-driving web applications, with tools such as RSpec and Jasmine
- Ruby, Rails, Javascript, Node.js, Angular.js, Swift


#### University of Cambridge (_Sept ‘11 — July ‘14_)
BA (Hons) in Human Social and Political Science, Biological Anthropology
<br>
- Grade **2.1**
- Final result **67%**. Achieved a 1st in two papers (marks: 74,70,69,69,65,59)
- Choral Scholar at Sidney Sussex College - 3 services a week, international tours and a cd recording every year
